what's up everybody its man of low moral
fiber here my name is Luke and in this
video I'm going to be taking out op8
pyro Pete using the pearlescent malla
wand sniper rifle the storm now the
storm is a shock damage mallow wand
rifle with a large AoE effect kind of
similar to how like a Tesla grenade
works you can see it kind of working
there however it does have a lower base
damage than your average mallow on
sniper rifle however I make up for that
with a huge amount of critical ascension
spent some time stacking critical
ascension in the bar to kill a bruiser
now when I first tried to kill Pete it
was a lot easier than I thought it would
be so I figured I'd try to chain Cal him
a little bit so obviously here I'm
killing myself so that I can get more
ammo and so that Pete will be reasonable
so I'm gonna go down here and again
gonna summon him so this time I am going
to once again use the trespasser to take
off his face shield and then use the
storm to kill it now I do have
significantly lower critical ascension
stacks than I did last time so it will
be harder or at least it will be take
longer this time than it did last time
you can see that it still took off his
shield in just about 4 shots there
that's pretty wild
alright so now that I'm getting more
shots on him here he'll be closer and
closer to dead now some kind of funny
happens after I go to suicide here I for
whatever reason decided to do it right
on top of Pete and when I you know
expire here you'll see his body kind of
shoot up into the air and land over
there but that's pretty funny and he he
kind of stays suspended in the air like
that so we'll get back down there so you
can see that real fast tried to get a
critical hit off that biker didn't work
a waste of time anyway you can see Pete
kind of floating there that's pretty
funny all right so we're gonna summon
Pete for the third time now gonna hit go
ahead and get slag and kunai on him once
more now this is pre kunai hotfix I
heard that the kunai were fixed today
this was actually recorded last night
so the next thing I do is going to be
checking on whether the kunai how the
kunai fixed is
working exactly I do want to test that
out I'm very curious and excited about
that apparently Q and I can now stack
death mark again that's great for all
zeros but especially melee zero that's
something I really missed about playing
melee zero and the possibility that it
might be back now truly excites me so
since I do have lower stacks at this
time I'm going to have to pool the water
pipe so that I don't expire from damage
over time
luckily the storms AoE damage will be
more than enough to take out the first
round of spider ants without me worrying
too much about them so he's going into
nova mode again I'm gonna get some more
critical hits on him I do need slag on
him here I think though so I'm gonna go
ahead and head over here try to get a
grenade so that I can slag him I have
some grenades now wash off this damage
over time so that it doesn't break my
shield and subsequently me now that I
have slag on him again I will try to get
some more criticals and go ahead and
take him out for the third time now I'm
just gonna deal with the remaining
spider ants here and then go ahead and
give the loot a once-over I don't think
I got anything really special or cool in
this setup here however I did manage to
get Pete in a pretty funny-looking
position and I'll be sure to show you
guys that at the end of this once I'm
done looking at the loot I'll be sure to
give everybody a quick look at my gear
and skill built three up on ammo just
real quick there there's Pete obviously
like I said there are no orange weapons
unfortunately this time but you know
here's hoping for better luck next time
anyway guys here's a quick look at my
gear and skill build here's the skill
built badass rank was off and like I
said I was using the storm the
pearlescent Matawan sniper rifle and I
used the trespasser to take his face
mask off now here's just some looks at
Pete in his suspended position again
guys thank you very much for watching I
do appreciate it if you haven't taken
the time to subscribe yet please do I
would appreciate that as well and it
let you know when my next videos are
coming out anyway guys I'm gonna be
doing some testing with kunai stacking
now so I hope to catch you next time bye
guys
you